　Rain, 
The weather 

outside the window is like
 your changeable expression.

The rain is still falling,

but not the last one sweet.

Spring rain like 10 million silver, 

a leisurely landing in the south.
The spring rain, 
like a flower pin, 

like filaments, thick oblique weave.

Like the fog like rain,
 like rain like fog, 
Cecil strands of tangled constantly.

The rain fell,
 all kinds of flowers 
and leaves on the condensation of a crystal drops.
The rain can destroy Sakura,

 but also can not 
Chongfengmaoyu, 
Sakura Shukai smile?

The rain is getting bigger and bigger, more and more fierce. 

Looking out, I saw a world many misty.
At the moment, 

the rain is like the sky the Milky Way flood, slumped down from the skyThe wind blowing in the air, 

non-stop rain, 
misty under a common remit a natural picture

The wind blowing like a play, rain go along the side side to create a mood.
March rain like countless small hand, hit the leaves on key,

 played a hymn of spring.
High in the gathering,
 play, babbling, dance and skip with joy to rush into the embrace of mother earth.
Downpour the next stop, 
from the eaves of rainwater from the streets in a brook.
I saw the Beihai rolling, 
roaring. 
Rain lashed the ground, 
the water splashing rain fly, 
a fan ying.
At this time, the thunder rain wind mix together, 
is really terrible, 
as if the sky is falling down.
Rain water along the eaves slowly down, 
began to drop a drop, 
and gradually formed a thin line.
Big drops of rain like a shot shot,
 hit the tree leaves brawl, falling on the human body has some pain.
Rain down the grass stems roll down, 
a drop of drill into the earth, 
and a drop into the grass mouth, can not find.
Rain, the more the greater the water on the ground to sink into a stream,
 Luo laughing singing and dancing, running forward.
A rainwater from the roof creeps, 
slowly crawling, 
leaving the crooked footprint on the ceiling.
A drizzly rain, mountain, 
water, 
mountain that bubbling a stream, 
rushing up more beautiful.
Silky rain had fallen from the sky, 
the rain is so small that the rain is so dense, 
hills covered with white yarn chanyi.
Suddenly the rain into a roar, 
like countless days cracked hole, 
rain sinks into the waterfall pouring down towards the earth.
The wind chasing the rain, 
rain to catch the wind, 
wind and rain together to catch up with the clouds of the sky, the whole world is in the rain.
Out of the window under the drizzle, 
the drops of rain, as if accompanied with a little dance, 
I couldn't help but be tempted out of the window of the world.
Rain quietly underground,
 accompanied by the warm spring breeze to drive away the winter residual marks to spring girl put on the dress, to people brings hope.
More rain under the greater the more,
 looked in the distance like a grey curtain to cover the line of sight,
 grey, a tree, and house ah,
 what also can not see
Spring is like silk, 
light and thin, 
like a wet smoke, no shape, 
is not to make a sound, gently moisten the earth.
Flooding of rivers to diffuse out of the world of mortals, 
slide on the desolate plateau,
 along the spirituality of water rolling down, 
through the music of the pupil of the eye, rain drops.